{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;\red0\green0\blue0;\red53\green66\blue87;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c17647\c17647\c17647;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c26667\c32941\c41569;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww51000\viewh27180\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa640\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs56 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Can you tell me more about your ASOS Premier service in the United Arab Emirates?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs36 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 ASOS Premier gives you free Standard and Express delivery all year round when you spend over 150 AED.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 What's included?\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs36 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 Your ASOS Premier subscription will only be valid on the site you purchased it on. You won't be able to use ASOS Premier for orders being delivered outside of the United Arab Emirates (UAE).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec3 Please note, orders to\'a0the UAE\'a0are subject to taxes - please\strokec2 \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.asos.com/customer-care/payment-promos-gift-vouchers/how-are-vat-and-duty-charges-applied-for-parcels-being-sent-to-the-united-arab-emirates/"}}{\fldrslt \ul click here for more info on how taxes are charged.}}\'a0\
\strokec3 ASOS Premier is for personal use only. You can order as many times as you want, but it's subject to a fair use policy - just to make sure people aren't taking advantage of this great proposition, which may include making excessive use of, or placing unusual burdens on, the service (e.g., ordering and/or returning items beyond what would reasonably be expected of someone using the service for personal use).\strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \strokec3 How much does it cost?\strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \strokec3 \'a0
\f1\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \strokec2 \
\cf4 \strokec4 ASOS Premier costs 200 AED and\'a0\cf2 \strokec2 is valid on the order you purchase it on. It can take up to one hour to be activated against your account and you'll receive an email once it's active.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.asos.com/customer-service/premier-delivery?WT.oss=premier"}}{\fldrslt \ul Click here to sign up to\'a0 ASOS Premier}}\'a0and take advantage of these great benefits.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 Just one more thing...\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs36 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 We aim to meet these delivery times, but during busy periods (including sale), deliveries may take a little longer. Occasionally, tech updates to our systems or force majeure events, such as extreme weather conditions, may affect these delivery services for a limited time, resulting in changes to our cut-off times and/or delivery times. However, we will always work hard to keep these temporary changes to a minimum. ASOS cannot be held liable for any parcels that are lost or stolen as a result of any specific delivery instructions left for the carrier.\
}