{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;\red0\green0\blue0;\red53\green66\blue87;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c17647\c17647\c17647;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c26667\c32941\c41569;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9680\viewh6580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa640\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs56 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Can you tell me more about your ASOS Premier service in Saudi Arabia?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs36 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 ASOS Premier gives you free Standard and Express delivery all year round when you spend over SAR 150.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 What's included?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs36 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \'a0\
Your ASOS Premier subscription will only be valid on the site you purchased it on. You won't be able to use ASOS Premier for orders being delivered outside of Saudi Arabia.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec3 Please note, orders to Saudi Arabia are subject to taxes - please\strokec2 \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.asos.com/customer-care/payment-promos-gift-vouchers/how-are-vat-and-duty-charges-applied-for-parcels-being-sent-to-saudi-arabia/"}}{\fldrslt \ul click here for more information on how taxes are charged.}}\'a0\
\strokec3 ASOS Premier is for personal use only. You can order as many times as you want, but it's subject to a fair use policy - just to make sure people aren't taking advantage of this great proposition, which may include making excessive use of, or placing unusual burdens on, the service (e.g. ordering and/or returning items beyond what would reasonably be expected of someone using the service for personal use).\strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \strokec3 How much does it cost?\strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs36 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 ASOS Premier costs 200 SAR and is\cf2 \strokec2 \'a0valid on the order you purchase it on. It can take up to one hour to be activated against your account. You'll receive an email once it's active.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.asos.com/customer-service/premier-delivery?WT.oss=premier"}}{\fldrslt \ul Click here to sign up to our ASOS Premier service}}\'a0and take advantage of these great benefits.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 Just one more thing...\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 We aim to meet these delivery times, but during busy periods (including sale), deliveries may take a little longer. Occasionally, tech updates to our systems or force majeure events, such as extreme weather conditions, may affect these delivery services for a limited time, resulting in changes to our cut-off times and/or delivery times. However, we will always work hard to keep these temporary changes to a minimum. ASOS cannot be held liable for any parcels that are lost or stolen as a result of any specific delivery instructions left for the carrier.\
}