{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c17647\c17647\c17647;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9680\viewh6580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa640\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs56 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 How can I find your international delivery information?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.asos.com/customer-service/delivery/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0\fs36 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Find all international delivery information here}}
\f1\b0\fs36 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 . Simply select the relevant country in the drop down list and you'll be presented with the different delivery methods available and costs.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.asos.com/customer-care/delivery/how-can-i-find-your-international-delivery-information/#basics"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What are the basics?}}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.asos.com/customer-care/delivery/how-can-i-find-your-international-delivery-information/#cost"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 How much does delivery cost?}}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.asos.com/customer-care/delivery/how-can-i-find-your-international-delivery-information/#track"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Can I track my order?}}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.asos.com/customer-care/delivery/how-can-i-find-your-international-delivery-information/#track"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When will my order be delivered?}}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.asos.com/customer-care/delivery/how-can-i-find-your-international-delivery-information/#basics"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 What are the basics?}}\
Standard and Express delivery services are available for most of the countries that we ship to. Once you've entered your delivery address, you'll be able to see the available delivery services.*\
In some countries, Nominated Day delivery is also available. If this service is available in your country, it'll show as an option at checkout.\
Your order will be sent out via the most suitable carrier, dependent on size and weight.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.asos.com/customer-care/delivery/how-can-i-find-your-international-delivery-information/#cost"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \ul How much does delivery cost?}}\
Shipping costs are calculated automatically at the checkout page when both the destination and delivery service are selected.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.asos.com/customer-care/delivery/how-can-i-find-your-international-delivery-information/#track"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \ul Can I track my order?}}\
Tracking is available on some Standard Delivery services and on all Express Delivery services. You'll receive a shipping confirmation email from the warehouse with a tracking link for your parcel so you can follow its journey.\
Once your order has arrived in your country, it will be passed on to an internal postal service, according to standard delivery procedures.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.asos.com/customer-care/delivery/how-can-i-find-your-international-delivery-information/#when"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \ul When will my order be delivered?}}\
Our carriers deliver during normal business working hours and may require a signature on receipt, so we suggest your order is delivered to an address where someone will be available to accept it.\
If you're not in when your parcel arrives, the carrier will leave a card telling you where it is. It might be left in a safe place or there will be details on how to pick up your order or rearrange delivery.\
Please be advised that on any public holiday dates in your country, deliveries will not be made. In this instance, please expect your order to arrive the next business day.\'a0\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.asos.com/customer-care/delivery/will-my-parcel-be-charged-customs-and-import-charges/"}}{\fldrslt \ul For more information on customs charges, please click here.}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.asos.com/customer-care/delivery/can-i-have-my-order-delivered-to-a-po-box-address/"}}{\fldrslt \ul For more information on delivery to a PO box, please click here.}}\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0 *We aim to meet these delivery times, but during busy periods (including sale), deliveries may take a little longer. Occasionally, tech updates to our systems or force majeure events, such as extreme weather conditions, may affect these delivery services for a limited time, resulting in changes to our cut-off times and/or delivery times. However, we will always work hard to keep these temporary changes to a minimum. ASOS cannot be held liable for any parcels that are lost or stolen as a result of any specific delivery instructions left for the carrier.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 Just one more thing....
\f3\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \

\f2\b \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 Disclaimer:
\f3\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \'a0our website contains links to websites owned and operated by third parties; these are provided solely for your convenience. ASOS have no control over these sites and are not responsible for their content or availability.\
}