{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c17647\c17647\c17647;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww51000\viewh27180\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa640\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs56 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Where is my order?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 1. Track your order\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs36 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Go to '{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://my.asos.com/my-account/orders"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \ul My Orders}}' and select the order you want to track.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Select the \'91
\f0\b \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 Track Parcel
\f1\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \'92 button to track your parcel.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \'a02.\'a0Check the estimated delivery date\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs36 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You\'92ll find this date in your Order Confirmation email and in\'a0'{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://my.asos.com/my-account/orders"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \ul My Orders}}'.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Remember, this date is an estimate, so your order may arrive before, on, or slightly after your estimated delivery date.* To see the progress of your order, check your tracking.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 If the tracking doesn\'92t show any updates or is blank, don't worry! Please wait until your estimated delivery date. There may be a delay with your tracking being updated, but it should update soon.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 3. I'm still waiting for my order\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs36 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 Waited until your estimated delivery date? Please wait a few extra days for your order to be delivered (especially during busy times) - our carriers are always doing their best to get your order to you. Make sure you check your tracking link for the latest updates.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 Just one more thing...\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs36 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 We aim to meet these delivery times, but during busy periods (including sale), deliveries may take a little longer. Occasionally, tech updates to our systems or force majeure events, such as extreme weather conditions, may affect these delivery services for a limited time, resulting in changes to our cut-off times and/or delivery times. However, we will always work hard to keep these temporary changes to a minimum. ASOS cannot be held liable for any parcels that are lost or stolen as a result of any specific delivery instructions left for the carrier.\
}